feat(vue): Rework Vue documentation to include Vue2 and Vue3 support (#3906)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/configuration/integrations/vue-router.mdx

---
title: Vue Router Integration
description: "Learn how Sentry's Vue Tracing Integration allows you to track rendering performance during an initial application load."
redirect_from:
  - /sdks/react/integrations/vue-router/
---

The Vue Tracing Integration allows you to track rendering performance during an initial application load.

> Sentry uses mixins functionality to providing an access to a Vue component during its life cycle stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry uses mixins functionality to provide access to a Vue component during its life cycle stages.
```

and create a new span named `Vue Application Render`. Once the `Vue Application Render` span has been created, it will wait until all of its child components render before marking the span as finished.

The described instrumentation functionality will give you very high-level information about the rendering performance of the Vue instance. However, the integration can also provide more fine-grained details about what actually happened during a specific activity.
To do that, you need to specify which components to track and what hooks to listen to (you can find a list of all available hooks [here](https://vuejs.org/v2/api/#Options-Lifecycle-Hooks)). You can also turn on tracking for all the components. However, it may be rather noisy if your app consists of hundreds of components. We encourage being more specific. If you don't provide hooks, Sentry will track a component's `mount` and `update` hooks.

Note that when specifying hooks we use the simple verb rather than `before` and `-ed` pairs. For example, `destroy` is correct. `beforeDestroy` and `destroyed` are incorrect.

> To set up the Vue Tracing Integration, you will first need to configure the BrowserTracing integration itself. For details on how to do this, see [Performance](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/performance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Vue Tracing Integration, you will first need to configure the BrowserTracing integration itself. For details on how to do this, check out our [Performance documentation](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/performance/).
```
